[Doc] Update KernelProgramCache.md with details on in-memory eviction (#16129)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/design/KernelProgramCache.md

## Rationale behind caching

> During SYCL program execution, SYCL runtime will create internal objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During SYCL program execution, the SYCL runtime will create internal objects
```

  });
```

> In both cases, SYCL runtime will need to build the program and kernels multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both cases, the SYCL runtime will need to build the program and kernels multiple
```

### In-memory cache

The cache stores the underlying UR objects behind `sycl::program` and `sycl::kernel`
user-level objects in a per-context data storage. The storage consists of three 
maps: one is for programs and the other two are for kernels.

The programs map's key consists of four components:

- ID of the device image containing the program,
- specialization constants values,
- the set of devices this program is built for.

The kernels map's key consists of two components:

- the program the kernel belongs to,
- kernel name<sup>[3](#what-is-kname)</sup>.

The third map, called Fast Kernel Cache, is used as an optimization to reduce the

> number of lookups in the kernels map. It's key consists of the following components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
number of lookups in the kernels map. Its key consists of the following components:
```

differentiate different HW and SW installed on the same host as well as SW/HW
upgrades.

(what-is-bopts)=
<a name="what-is-bopts">3</a>: Hash for the concatenation of build options (both
compile and link options) set in application or environment variables. There are
three sources of build options:

- from device image (sycl_device_binary_struct::CompileOptions,
  sycl_device_binary_struct::LinkOptions);
- environment variables (SYCL_PROGRAM_COMPILE_OPTIONS,
  SYCL_PROGRAM_LINK_OPTIONS);
- options passed through SYCL API.

## Cache configuration

The following environment variables affect the cache behavior:

| Environment variable | Values | Description |
| -------------------- | ------ | ----------- |
| `SYCL_CACHE_DIR` | Path | Path to persistent cache root directory. Default values are `%AppData%\libsycl_cache` for Windows and `$XDG_CACHE_HOME/libsycl_cache` on Linux, if `XDG_CACHE_HOME` is not set then `$HOME/.cache/libsycl_cache`. When none of the environment variables are set SYCL persistent cache is disabled. |

> | `SYCL_CACHE_PERSISTENT` | Integer | Controls persistent device compiled code cache. Turns it on if set to '1' and turns it off if set to '0'. When cache is enabled SYCL runtime will try to cache and reuse JIT-compiled binaries. Default is off. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `SYCL_CACHE_PERSISTENT` | '1' or '0' | Controls persistent device compiled code cache. Turns it on if set to '1' and turns it off if set to '0'. When cache is enabled SYCL runtime will try to cache and reuse JIT-compiled binaries. Default is off. |
```
For consistency with the next variable. Or either 'Integer', I don't have a strong opinion, but would like both to be the same.

#### In-memory cache eviction

Eviction in in-memory cache is disabled by default but can be controlled by SYCL_IN_MEM_CACHE_EVICTION_THRESHOLD
environment variable. The threshold is set in bytes and when the cache size exceeds the threshold the eviction process is initiated. The eviction process is based on LRU strategy. The cache is walked through and the least recently used items are deleted until the cache size is below the threshold.

> To implement eviction for in-memory cache efficiently, we store the programs in a linked-list, called eviction list. When the program is first added to the cache, it is also added to the back of the eviction list. When a program is fetched from cache, we move the program to the end of the eviction list. This way, we ensure that the programs at the beginning of the eviction list are always the least recently used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement eviction for in-memory cache efficiently, we store the programs in a linked-list, called the eviction list. When the program is first added to the cache, it is also added to the back of the eviction list. When a program is fetched from cache, we move the program to the end of the eviction list. This way, we ensure that the programs at the beginning of the eviction list are always the least recently used.
```

> When adding a new program to cache, we check if the size of the program cache exceeds the threshold, if so, we iterate through the eviction list starting from the front and delete the programs until the cache size is below the threshold. When a program is deleted from the cache, we also evict its corresponding kernels from the kernel and fast kernel cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding a new program to cache, we check if the size of the program cache exceeds the threshold, if so, we iterate through the eviction list starting from the front and delete the programs until the cache size is below the threshold. When a program is deleted from the cache, we also evict its corresponding kernels from both of the kernel caches.
```
This wording seems a little less confusing, given kernel is mentioned in both names.

> ***When the application run out-of-memory,*** either due to cache eviction being disabled or the cache eviction threshold being too high, we will evict all the items from program and kernel caches. This is done to prevent the application from crashing due to running out of memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***If the application runs out-of-memory,*** either due to cache eviction being disabled or the cache eviction threshold being too high, we will evict all the items from program and kernel caches.
```
The last part seems a little redundant to me. It makes sense to clean up the cache when we're running out of memory, given it's just a cache.
